There's too much noise
Close the window
Let me sleep yet
Murmurs remain dropped by the pillow
Get out of my way
Increased the pace of tossing and turning
I don't wake up with my arms numb
I can stay in the dream forever
Hey, come on, wake me up
I'm bored
Not without you
The days pass by tastelessly
I just remembered
The sigh of that day
I pretended not to see it
because I was scared
You've been making too much noise
Close the window
Let me sleep yet
Your words still fall on my pillow
Get out of my way
I drank all the juice in my sleepy eyes
I don't need you to be mad at me
I can swim in my dreams forever
Hey, come on, wake me up
I'm bored
Not without you
The days pass by tastelessly
I just remembered
It was overflowing that day
Your soft tears
It makes my heart ache
You've been making too much noise
Close the window
Let me sleep yet
There's a hint of something left in the two pillows
Get out of my way
I'm bored
Not without you
The days pass by tastelessly
I just remembered
The sigh of that day
I just wish I could face it.
I'm bored
Not without you
The days pass by tastelessly
I just remembered
It was overflowing that day
Your soft tears
forced smile
remain in one's head
Your voice is soothing,
it makes me want to sleep again